all right when you're initially turning
on your radio so you don't get into any
kind of trouble with the t6 transmitter
you want to make sure that this switch
right here is back you can get in a lot
of trouble with this switch ping forward
this switch needs to be back that's to
throttle hole switch I mean that's the
idle up switch this switch right here is
throttle hold that'll stop the motor
from from starting you want this switch
back as well
once you plugged up the helicopter if
you don't want it to throttle up on you
while it's plugged up put the throttle
hold on that'll stop it from starting
when you're ready to fly turn the
throttle hold off also your gyro gain
right here if it's not at least halfway
your helicopter could spin around in
circles so make sure that's about half
way and if the tail starts wagging just
back this down if your tail is not
wagging turn this up until the tail wags
then turn that down until it stops this
knob here is your hover pitch knob this
will give you more or less positive
pitch if you want to land soft fur you
can turn this up a bit and that would
give you more positive pitch when you're
landing so make sure this switches back
this switches back this knob is down all
the way so there's a throttle trim knob
there's also all the way down like this
all your trim centered
then turn it on you really go make sure
you do all this like I said before
that's on and you plug the helicopter up
our background was up a little bit you
plug the helicopter up you won't start
it shouldn't start if it does you can
get in trouble make sure your gyro light
is on if I turn the gyro gain knob on
this transmitter it should go off like
that turn it back on
means the gyros off
you just remember you plug it up don't
have none of these switches don't get
the time to draw the whole back off